How much is it? Hurry!
It's 2,500 won.
I'm sorry. I'll buy it next time.
I wondered what it'd feel like
to fall in love at first sight.
But the moment I saw him,
I felt it right away.
Our hands brushed just briefly,
but my heart began to pound.
Is this
first love?
He must like
paper airplanes too.
It was such a shame
that I couldn't pick his paper airplane.
It really was.
But at Evergreen Bookstore…
Why did we have to bump into each other
then of all times?
What if I looked like a fool?
It's all right, Yeong-ro.
It was embarrassing,
but I got to see him again.
I felt like
my heart was going to explode.
Does this mean
we're meant to be together?
Goodness.
Meant to be together?
Jeong-min!
You fell head over heels for him.
Yeong-ro.
-It's on. Mom!
-Mom!
I didn't gain much weight.
-She's on her second chicken.
-Stop it.
This is so yummy.
I'll get out of here soon,
so take care until then.
Got that?
My God, this is so freaking delicious.
Thank you for the food!
So you filmed them
stuffing themselves with fried chicken?
No, it wasn't me.
I was kept in the basement
until they gave it to me.
Those goddamn idiots.
They can't do anything right
except shooting guns.
How could they film it like this?
We can't air it on TV!
You should have told him it was for
raising awareness of national security.
But you told him it was for calming
the parents down. So that happened.
Right!
It's my fault. It's all my fault!
I'm to blame.
Oh, my. I'm so sorry,
Mr. Chief of the OPS.
-Are you okay, sir?
-Hey.
He's been promoted to chief of the OPS.
I'm so sorry, sir.
Unlike director positions,
chief positions last long, they say.
Yeong-ro, say something too.
I'm Eun Yeong-ro, an English Literature
major and freshman from room 207.
Dad, all of us are doing well in the dorm.
We can't complain.
But everyone wants to get out of here.
And me too. I also want to get out badly.
We can all get out of here safely, right?
When we get out of here,
we'll be able to go home safely,
right?
Right, Dad?
Wait. My gosh.